Yesterday I talked about the release of the Grand Theft Auto 5 and how
Hold the Schultz edge on a copy of the game the next day
The shooting took place at the Washington DC Maritime Square
In part blame this and other violent video games for violence, we are
This is completely rejected and there is no evidence that the academy
Refers to a violent video game or violent film that causes some people to commit violence
Laws
We also learned now that the Grand Theft Auto 5 has got eight hundred
Million dollars
The first day they went out around the world 24 hours
Eight hundred million dollars Lewis is absolutely incredible
If compared to some movies versions
Top three owners this year at the box office movie or Ironman 3
(2) and a man of a solid man of iron
663 million
Grand Theft Auto in One Day $ 800 Million Of course Grand Theft Auto costs a lot
More
Who shall do to one ticket to a man of iron and a shield to tell you that
This is really a start to be another one of the ways that rifle sets
Attention is diverted from the fact of the gun problem for a while we had
Mental health databases
Which we discussed in one way or another implicitly racist manner
Now that there were a number of other things too
Gun-free zones and so on, and now they are starting to turn their attention to
Video game so we have to expect this to continue
I got voicemail actually for being a video game
I want to play this for you now Hi David
Michelle Love I just want to thank you for defending the reality
Video Games Voting Video Game Full
Arm hysteria I have funny
I have never heard of anyone bring up
This point has been the answer to video games
In seven days, the time grew exponentially more popular
Realistic in
I think is a violent video games Warcraft X right and yes everyone knows that
Between the nineteen seventies and now that violence has generally declined
She now has here the thing to play devil's advocate
Violence has declined since the 1970s
Even with violent video games but you could make the case maybe it could have been
Come down without them even just a fact
That violence has really declined does not prove any kind of causal relationship there
But to be told we do not have any evidence to suggest that video games
Actually make people violent
And it's just an amazing amount of money Louis Video Game to make it one
day
It is I hear the cost of the game about 160 million to make
I do but you know what is constantly putting a very big game and I think they have got it
Divorced